OSDOCS-7660: Flow-based metrics enhancements (#64257)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/network_observability/network-observability-overview.adoc

{product-title} console integration offers overview, topology view and traffic flow tables.

[id="network-observability-dashboards"]
=== Network Observability metrics dashboards

> The {product-title} console offers the *Overview* tab which displays the overall aggregated metrics of the network traffic flow on the cluster. The information can be displayed by node, namespace, owner, pod, and service. Filters and display options can further refine the metrics. Infrastructure and Application metrics are shown in a split-view for namespace, pod, and workloads. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the *Overview* tab in the {product-title} console, you can view the overall aggregated metrics of the network traffic flow on the cluster. You can choose to display the information by node, namespace, owner, pod, and service. You can further refine the metrics by using filters and display options. Namespace, pod, and workloads for Infrastructure and Application metrics display in a split-view. 
```
- Rephrase the sentences to lead with the main subject of the content (the **Overview** tab), to make the sentences more user-centric, and to avoid passive voice. My suggested edits show one possible way to achieve these goals.
- Are `Infrastructure` and `Application` metrics UI elements? If so, format the terms as Bold. If not, why are these terms capitalized?

Author: Yeah they are in the UI like this:
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/77501157/89a1d74a-2374-48ca-a904-edb8fd577fe1)

> On the *Overview* tab in the {product-title} console, you can view the overall aggregated metrics of the network traffic flow on the cluster. You can choose to display the information by node, namespace, owner, pod, and service. Filters and display options can further refine the metrics. *Infrastructure* and *Application* metrics are shown in a split-view for namespace, pod, and workloads. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the *Overview* tab in the {product-title} console, you can view the overall aggregated metrics of the network traffic flow on the cluster. You can choose to display the information by node, namespace, owner, pod, and service. Filters and display options can further refine the metrics.
```

Infra / App splitting doesn't apply to Network Traffic page and its tabs. It's only part of "Dashboards" page.

Author: Ah, got it.

Author: I removed this and relocated it to the two areas you suggested for the Dashboards but for some reason, the next two don't show as "outdated". I verified the changes are in the preview.

In *Observe* -> *Dashboards*, the *Netobserv* dashboard provides a quick overview of the network flows in your {product-title} cluster. You can view distillations of the network traffic metrics in the following categories:

 * *Top byte rates received per source and destination nodes*
 * *Top byte rates received per source and destination namespaces*
 * *Top byte rates received per source and destination workloads*

You can configure the `FlowCollector` `spec.processor.metrics` to add or remove metrics by changing the `ignoreTags` list. For more information about available tags, see the xref:../../networking/network_observability/flowcollector-api.adoc#network-observability-flowcollector-api-specifications_network_observability[Flow Collector API Reference]

Also in *Observe* -> *Dashboards*, the *Netobserv/Health* dashboard provides metrics about the health of the Operator in the following categories.

* *Flows*
* *Flows Overhead*

> * *Top flow rates per source and destination nodes (1-min rates)*
> * *Top flow rates per source and destination namespaces (1-min rates)*
> * *Top flow rates per source and destination workloads (1-min rates)*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Top flow rates per source and destination nodes*
* *Top flow rates per source and destination namespaces*
* *Top flow rates per source and destination workloads*
```

Either we keep the `(1-min rates)` mentions everywhere or nowhere.

Author: I'll remove

Author: Addressed!

> * *Flows*
> * *Flows Overhead*
> * *Top flow rates per source and destination nodes*
> * *Top flow rates per source and destination namespaces*
> * *Top flow rates per source and destination workloads*
> * *Agents*
> * *Processor*
> * *Operator*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Flows*
* *Flows Overhead*
* *Top flow rates per source and destination nodes*
* *Top flow rates per source and destination namespaces*
* *Top flow rates per source and destination workloads*
* *Agents*
* *Processor*
* *Operator*

*Infrastructure* and *Application* metrics are shown in a split-view for namespace and workloads. 
```
